It sucks without cheerleaders.
If Gu Shao doesn't mind
I'll be your cheerleader
Haoran Haoran
Source of Martial Arts
What should Gu Shao do next?
Come up when you see someone
If you want to die, don't pull me on.
You have been broken by the case.
Is there any danger?
Quiet, you think it's quiet
You can walk sideways in the ultimate bloodbath
According to the information provided by the curator
This year's martial arts conference is full of experts
Uh, it's like a cow's hair.
There's even a grandmaster competing.
But the darkness is not even a cannon fodder
Uncle Zong, he doesn't go to the internship to protect the good people of the conference
Hey, what's the ultimate bloodbath?
Did you forget
The winner of the ultimate bloodbath
You can directly walk the fourth ball of the World Ball Series
Ah!
You wonder why Zongshi wants to participate
What if you don't pick up a word?
Can't play with the ignition?
Who did you rob of your mirror?
Go go go go go
Hey, what's wrong with everyone?